Change "dynamic" to "transient" veg/pfts when referring to landuse data (#4139)
ESCOMP/CTSM: doc/source/users_guide/setting-up-and-running-a-case/customizing-the-clm-configuration.rst

``-chk_res`` ensures that the resolution chosen is supported by CLM. If the resolution is NOT supported it will cause the CLM ``build-namelist`` to abort when run. So when either ``preview_namelist``, ``case.build`` or ``case.run`` is executed it will abort early. Since, the CESM scripts only support certain resolutions anyway, in general this option is NOT needed in the context of running CESM cases.

> ``-clm_demand`` asks the ``build-namelist`` step to require that the list of variables entered be set. Typically, this is used to require that optional filenames be used and ensure they are set before continuing. For example, you may want to require that fpftdyn be set to get PFTs changing according to a transient landuse dataset. To do this you would do the following.

Reviewer: Also change fpftdyn to flanduse_timeseries

Reviewer: Possibly try rewording the part about "changing according".

Author: done

> ``-clm_demand`` asks the ``build-namelist`` step to require that the list of variables entered be set. Typically, this is used to require that optional filenames be used and ensure they are set before continuing. For example, you may want to require that fpftdyn be set to get PFTs changing according to a transient landuse dataset. To do this you would do the following.

Author: ```suggestion
``-clm_demand`` asks the ``build-namelist`` step to require that the list of variables entered be set. Typically, this is used to require that optional filenames be used and ensure they are set before continuing. For example, you may want to require that flanduse_timeseries be set, so as to get PFTs that change according to a transient landuse dataset. To do this you would do the following.
```

::

>    > ./xmlchange CLM_BLDNML_OPTS="-clm_demand fpftdyn"

Author: ```suggestion
   > ./xmlchange CLM_BLDNML_OPTS="-clm_demand flanduse_timeseries"
```
